The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
this little place has a cute interior deco r and affordable city prices .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
The food was exceptional .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Hats off to the chef .
Good , fast service .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
The food is amazing !!!!
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
The place was nice and calm .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
The lox is always fresh too .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
Service was very good and warm .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
Delivery service is great too .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
And the bill was outragous .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
Good luck getting a table .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
The pizza is good though .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
The staff is no nonsense .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc. .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
The sushi is also great !
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The pickles were great addition .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
black white shakes came out good also .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
But , they were too big for the bun .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
The pizza was really good .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
Really cool stauff inside .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
Always great service !
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
The food is great , service is ok .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Great pizza for lunch place .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
The staff is courteous and friendly .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
The service is ok but could be better .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
I look forward to eating here again
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
Do n't waste money on decor .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
They used shredded cheese on top !
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
The food is great .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
less wait time for me !
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Moderate prices .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
Over price , and small portions .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
Not worth the prices .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
Service was very friendly .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
Very good service and very good prices .
Try the cheesecake !
Definitely not worth the price !
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
The Thai food is good .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
There are other people waiting !
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
The food 's as good as ever .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Acceptable prices .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
It is also extremely well priced .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
The food is delicious .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
The food was great .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
Decent wine selection too .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
very good breads as well .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way ) .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's ...
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
It 's all about the food !!
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
Authentic Pakistani food .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
The fried rice is really good too .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Our food was great too !
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
Much more reasonably priced too !
Salads were fantastic .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
fine dining restaurant quality .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
What generous portions !
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
Every course was better than the next .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
The food options rule .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
Went there for an office lunch .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
go here for the drinks !
An excellent service
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
The pizza here is delicious .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
I 'd call it an ` italian dinner ' .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
The specials are usually quite good too .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
The fried rice is amazing here .
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
Have the iced tea .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
The buffet had a nice selection .
Try the tandoori salmon !
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seatin g - what more could you ask for ?
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Good drink .
Fish was overdone .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ...
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
Quick and friendly service .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
The ceiling is amazing !
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
The fries are yummy .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
This food is asian-air fusion .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
Fish is so very fresh .
Service was prompt and courteous .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ` bar ' or ' pub ' .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
Other apetizers and food
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
Its worth the wait though .
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
The sushi was awful !
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Try green curry with vegetables .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
Great food at reasonable prices .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
The food at this place is ` gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
Prices are in line .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main cours e was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
Food was okay , nothing great .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
Delivery is fast too .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
The location is perfect .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ` pub ' .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
The food was spicy and delicious .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
The dim sum however was very good .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
The food was bland oily .
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
Went for a late weekday lunch .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
Have frequented ` ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
I had the best ravioli ever .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
The soup is pretty good too .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
Prices are very good .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
Food is great .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
The wine the service was very good too .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
The atmosphere is great !!!
People are always friendly .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
even the wine by the glass was good .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
The service is awful .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
Check out the secret back room .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisin e.
The staff offers impeccable service .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
Bill a little high , but worth it .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ` perks ' were great .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the managerTony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Good food .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Great food , great prices , great service .
Unique apppetizers .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
Not impressed with the food .
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
The food there are sastifying .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
You have to increase the service a lot .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
I liked the beer selection !
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
The food was so-so .
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
No free drink .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
The place was quiet and delightful .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
The prices were fantastic .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
Great staff .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ` doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Do n't go alone -- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The service is awful -- the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
Service is fast and friendly .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc. .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
Service is top notch .
What an amazing meal and experience !
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dis h that was great .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
Staff is very accomodating .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
The food now is inconsistent .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
service was efficient courteous .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Two words : Free wine .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
Sure , the setting is nice .
The food is great and authentic .
I have never had cheescake like this .
They charge different prices all the time .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch specia l , the dish was ridiculously small .
Great sushi experience .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
The food was boring and expensive .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
And really large portions .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
The wine list is also really nice .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian chees e that I 'd never heard of before .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
The food was authentic .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
Did I mention the wine ?
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
The food was very good , but not very thai .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
The food was good .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Food - awesome .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
The food was absolutely horrible !
The service was ok .
The service was attentive .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price rang e , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
They are the best bagels I 've had .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
The prices are wonderfully low .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
Service is average .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
The bagels are fabulous .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
Fast service .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
Okay service .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
The food was good too .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
All the food was hot tasty .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
Zero ambiance to boot .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
But the coconut rice was good .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Drinks way over priced .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ` special ' bagel experience .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
Great service , great food .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
This place is a great stop for great food .
Reasonable prices .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
You should pass on the calamari .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
Pizza was a little soggy .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
skip dessert .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
Try the green curry !!!
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
Service was quick .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
Try the sea bass .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
The wine list is excellent .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take ou t prices are different .
Food was average but tasty .
now if they could only get a toaster .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
from an English speaking staff .
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
Their sake martini is wonderful .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
